small, clumsy hands pushed a layer of dull grey fog off of a school bus window. immediately after doing so, the hands fell limp on the worn, colorless synthetic leather. another pre-dawn's bleak contours stretched out across the smear in the glass's grey glaze.
the contours warped and shifted as time passed, and the world outside grew brighter. the small hands took no notice until a weary sigh clouded up the view port, and habit forced them over the cold glass again.

then, this particular morning separated itself from its predecessors. a steel rail track had appeared which was certainly not present the morning before. suspended miraculously in the air, it swerved past lawn flamingos, and dipped elegantly under clotheslines. the hands splayed out against the glass in wonder. they failed even to register the window's abysmal cold. a train engine flew majestically along the rails. ornately crafted from studded reams of bronze and gold, it released regal folds of glittering purple smoke from the stacks which crested its spine. limp clothes curled into renaissance arches as this vaporized magic powder wafted through them. lawn flamingos threw their hooked black beaks back, breaking the impenetrable early morning silence as they rejoiced.

a train car far back along the train caravan released an orb of rainbow cloth. the train engine easily matched the bus's speed, but this hot air balloon quickly outpaced it, due in no small part to the impressive efforts of its miniature passengers. a long boat filled with small vikings was drawn below the hot air balloon. they paddled determinedly with spoons as their braided beards trailed behind them.

the vikings had barely surpassed the front of the train caravan when the caravan began to make an unconventional attempt to reclaim them. finely tuned gears and perfectly positioned machinery began to shift all throughout a car directly behind the engine. a metal husk wrapped around the car receded in intricate folds, revealing an apparatus of nested magnifying glasses. a purple crystal began to revolve and emit light at the base of the apparatus, and a buzzing purple laser spanning the distance between the apparatus and the air balloon began to take shape.

the small hands now bore white knuckles as they found themselves wrapped tightly around the window's iron bars. certainly, such a laser would pop the hot air balloon, and the vikings would find themselves at the mercy of reality below. the hands wished that the bearded sailors could only drop into any suburban backyard pool below; the longboat and their spoons could make for an expedited getaway.

in one swift, almost choreographed motion, the vikings rose their spoons aloft. each of the train cars now sported laser launching apparatuses of their own, and they began to direct carefully oriented purple light into each of the vikings spoons. the spoons redirected the light toward the bars of the prison transport as it whisked the hands away. the hands couldn't believe it; this was a breakout! soon the bars were too hot for the hands to grasp, but the hands were not reluctant to release them.

somewhere, in a dimension akin to this one (albeit several times removed), a school bus entered a wooded enclosure. a wall of foliage rose up on the horizon, and the vikings and the train engine were dashed against it, dissipating into an array of salt crystals which coalesced around a little boy's sleepy eyes. his dreary morning commute to school came to an end, and a penitentiary of education soon came into view. he quickly pushed the dull grey crystals away from the corners of his eyes with small, clumsy hands. for a moment, he was possessed of the irrational fear that if someone were to look upon the crystals surrounding his sleepy eyes, they might've seen into the fantasy that offered him a brief escape from a prosaic early morning commute.
